were astronomical, the projections that are
embodied in the project agreement. In 1989, for
example, the Woodlands would have built over
4,000 dwelling units. We will do, in 1990, about
950 dwelling units, less than a quarter of what was
projected to have been done last year. In our best
year, we did about 1,200 dwelling units, and that
was in the heyday of Houston. The project
agreement contemplated we would have sold that
many units, sold or built for rent that many units
the first year in development. So it's clearly
over-optimistic
if you want to give people the benefit of the doubt.
And then, too, we've added more land to the
woodlands. We've added 50 percent to the land mass
of the woodlands. So even if we had hit those
projections, we'd still be about a third below
completion, or where we should be in 1992. So in
1992, if the date hadn't been in there, transition
will occur because the Covenant's saying that it
will. And the Board will become
resident-controlled.
The Woodlands Corporation will lose control of a
very important institution in the Woodlands,
very important to the servicing of the Woodlands
and the marketing of the Woodlands, long before
the Woodlands is 85% complete. So we then had to
say, well, what could we do?
We could not afford to lose control of the
Woodlands. or we could lose control of the WCA, but
within the covenants, there's an entity that's
created called the Development Standards
Committee, and that is responsible for
establishing design criteria, development
standards, and approving all new construction
that goes on in the Woodlands. And the covenants
say that the Woodlands Corporation would have
control of the DSC, through 1992 to August of 1992.
And then after that, it becomes a function of the
WCA, which in 1992 becomes resident control.
That's like creating a planning commission or a
zoning board controlled by the residents. And
then they could, if we were to continue the
Woodlands Covenants on new properties, we would
have to go to them and say, can we build this product
again? You know, and that's just not workable.
So while we wished the 1992 date were not in the
covenants and that we could continue as we are now
because it's working very well, and many
residents have said to us, I wish we could continue
because we like the involvement of the Women's
Corporation. We think it adds stability. We think
it adds quality. We're going to honor the
provisions of the covenants and transfer of
control of the board in 1992.
That leaves a large area of the Woodlands under the
WCA. We will create two new associations for the
new areas of development, the residential
association and the commercial association,
which we will control until 85% of development.
And we're not going to put a date certain in those
covenants. We're not going to make the same
mistake. And so what we have is we honor
transition. We set up new associations. And then
we and the elected directors who now serve on the
WCA board have put our heads together and say, is it
best to have three associations operating
independently? Or is it better in some way to
create a working relationship where we can
achieve economies of scale and efficiencies of
management. And by doing that, we all can benefit.
The obvious answer is yes, that would be best. How
could we do it? And we have come up with the notion of
a services corporation to which the WCA staff
would be transferred. And it would be...
corporation, a nonprofit corporation that
administers the affairs of all three
associations,
responding to the wishes of the respective boards
of each association. So it's not an umbrella
association. It's a services corporation that
works under contract with each of the
associations and takes its marching orders from
the boards of each of the associations. That is
what we have been presenting to the community. It
is a hard concept for people to understand because
they have always thought that the woodlands would
be served by one association. Frankly, I think all
of us have gotten so used to the one association
that it's even hard for us to even contemplate
setting up other associations. And if there is any
or hesitancy on the part of the community. It's,
why are you changing things? It's working so well.
Well, we're changing it because we, as a
developer, have to know that we can be responsive
to market conditions. It's almost like what I
described with HUD. That was a very difficult
partnership, and if we allowed the DSC which would
be resident-controlled,
to be the throttle for new development, then we're
not really having the freedom to make adjustments
to the master plan as they need to be to change the
product when the market says, you know, years ago
we could build townhouses in the woodlands and
sell them. You couldn't sell a townhouse today. So
we've had to adjust our program. We will get back
into townhouse development, I'm sure, but for the
time being, we'll have to wait. And during the
recession, you could not build apartments and
rent them. The vacancy rate in apartments was
tremendous. Well, the residents, some of the
residents who are control-motivated don't fully
appreciate that. what a developer has to do to
respond to market conditions and so forth. And
then you would have people coming and going on that
development standards committee, whereas by
creating the new associations, we set up the
development standards committees within them,
which we would control and have the continuity of
the developer representation, have the
professionalism of architects and engineers and
developer type people on that committee. We're
setting up the other association, but trying to
keep, through the Services Corporation, the
notion which we all like, that is the unity of the
woodlands, the cohesiveness of the woodlands,
and... And the continuity of the... Continuity of
services. There'd still be one number to call if
you need some help or have a question, and so forth.
The proposal is getting... very good reception.
It's taking people a long time to understand why we
have to do this. And it's taking them time to
understand that generally when they do, they call
us or see them out on the streets and so forth, and
they say, you know, we finally understand what
you're trying to do, and it makes a lot of sense.
There are a handful of people, and literally I
would say no more than a dozen people, who have
expressed vocal opposition to it. And out of
30,000 people, you could expect some... What's
the basis of their opposition? They think the
developer is trying to wrest control from the WCA.
They don't understand that the WCA board, which
will be resident control, will be the authority
for the WCA. It's somehow in their minds. They see
the services corporation as being the
controlling entity. It is not. It works at the
behest of the board of the WCA or the board of WCA2,
which is what we're calling it for lack of a name
right now. And they don't fully understand the
relationship. If you were to do an organizational
chart, you would have the WCA board up here, And
then you would have the Services Corporation as a
really dotted line relationship to the board,
beneath the board. It's not superior to the board.
And that's where they really don't understand
that. And what is your role in this transition?
Guiding it and making sure that it happens. Your
chief flag waver? Well, I'm one of the authors. of
the transition proposal. We had a committee of
four who conceived it, then brought it to the board
of the association, which
endorsed it. And now we're presenting it to the
public, and presumably... Who were the other
four? Well, of the three, Scott Cummings, who's
the general manager of the WCA, Eric Wojnar, who
works for the Women's Corporation, at that time
was controller and serves as the treasurer of the
WCA. And Brian Reed, who was the attorney for the
WCA. Four of us conceived of this notion.
presented it to the board, and the people who
really have to buy off on it are the four resident
elected directors of the WCA. The WCA has four of
11, seven of whom are appointed by the Women's
Corporation, four of whom are elected by the
community. So what it came to was those four had to
agree to it, and there were some substantial
negotiations between the elected directors and
the Women's Corporation. Their biggest concern
was if you stop the growth of the WCA, you freeze its
tax base, much the way a city's tax base would be
frozen if it could not annex. And they wanted to
annex the rest of the property. And we explored
that. But it wouldn't work because it would
undermine the economic viability of the second
association. So we said, well, how can we? let you,
the WCA, benefit from that growth but not annex
those properties. And what we came up with was a
mechanism for sharing in certain costs of the WCA.
by the other associations who implicitly built in
a bit of a subsidy. So there is cash flowing from the
other associations into the WCA to, in effect,
subsidize. It was a little bit complicated. But
that lowers the tax bite also. But it would lower
the tax bite of this. From what you said, I gathered
that the 1992 was a, I mean, there's no argument
with that. That was in the covenants. It was a
got-to-do. That's right. What other issues
entered into your minds as you formulated this
solution to that covenant? What were the things
that you kicked around before you came up with this
idea? Well, we had some objectives which we
presented to the board four years ago. We said...
This is why it's important to the Woodlands
Corporation. I'll see if I can remember that we
said that. We wanted whatever arrangement we came
up with, we wanted the quality of services to be
maintained. We wanted the quality of facilities
to be maintained. We felt that an objective would
be to lower the assessment rate We said that we, the
development corporation, needed to be in control
of planning and development. And there was one or
two others. And these sound very altruistic, but
we've been altruistic for 16 years. And we
presented those to the elected directors. And
they said, gee, that sounds great. We agree with
that. Now, how do we translate that into a plan of
action? That's what we worked for four years on.
And we came up with this. And so those were the
guiding principles, then? Those were the guiding
principles. Have there been any basic tensions
between the residents, say, and the population
over the past years that are also involved, other
than the expansion issue and the tax base, I guess,
issue? There have been issues from time to time
that have produced tension. In the early years,
The Woodlands Corporation people, not knowing
anything about community management, made a
mistake that so many developers still make. And I
lecture about this at the national conferences of
community associations and to developers. When
you take fiduciary responsibility of an
association when you are the trustee of an
association you have a responsibility to the
residents like it or not that association is not
your business it is a private nonprofit
corporation that you for a time being have been
entrusted to manage well And most developers
don't realize that, particularly if they're
doing it for the first time. In the early years, the
Women's Corporation held the WCM meetings in
somebody's office in this building. And the
residents are saying, that's our association. We
are members. The Covenant's established us as
members of the association. We don't know what's
going on. Well, that got the Women's Corporation
and the residents off on the wrong foot. I mean, it
really did in that last years. suspicion
developed that,
well, a distrust between the company and the
residents. So they started holding public
meetings. But the manner in which those meetings
were held only inflamed those suspicions.
The president and the board tended to like to call
the majority he had on the board on all votes. So it
was clearly a rubber stamp situation, even when I
first got on the board in 77. And the residents just
resented that, and I personally think for good
reason. Also, some of the tensions were
heightened by the fact that The residents only had
one representative on board. The board at that
time, I think, was seven. And it has grown. It was
eight. Yeah, I think seven developer appointed
and one resident elected. So the development
corporation, over time,
began to see that it needed to change its style. And
in response to requests from the community, which
were militant requests, added resident elected
people to the board even before the covenants
required them to be added. And in some case, we gave
up our seats. to enable that to happen in fact today
one of our seats is held by a resident elected
director we should have eight seats we only have
seven because we gave up one seat
so those are some of the tensions in the early years
and when i took over the presidency of the board
which i've had for 10 years my objectives were to
eliminate those tensions and establish a
partnership. I changed the mode of operating the
board and I have encouraged even our own appointed
people with the responsibility of the trust that
has been given to them for proper management of the
association. to speak out as the professionals
that they are. And if they don't agree with
something, I want to hear that. And we've made it a
much stronger association as a result a couple of
years ago. We were named the best managed large
scale association in the Houston area and hope to
win that award this year at the national level.
They've just established a competition that I
think will certainly come in the top two or three if
not winning. And that's because I like to use the
talents I have available to me and foolish not to.
Other tensions tend to crop up. between the
community and the Women's Corporation on
specific issues.
Most of them have to do
with, well, I shouldn't say I mean, there have been
some issues where I think the community felt we
were not protecting the standards of development
as much as we should, such as one was when our first
gas station was proposed for the Woodlands. I
think it's an Exxon station. They were going to cut
a driveway directly onto Grosvenor Road, which
would have been taking trees down and having them
cleaned up. And the community virtually chained
themselves in front of the bulldozers. And they
could go quite to that, but it was close to that. And
so we asked Exxon if they would change their plan,
and they said okay. Exxon didn't want to do it
because it would cost them money, but they agreed
because of the opposition. And last I heard, that
was the largest bro-sink gas station in the
Houston area without a direct curb cutout to
Grover's Mill. They've objected to signs,
certain types of signs that were proposed to be put
in. These are things that usually get resolved
amicably. But those are good kind of objections,
too. What you're saying is the residents care very
deeply about the community. That's right. It's
basically supportive of the whole framework.
Yeah, that's right. We had a major controversy
when we built and filled Lake Woodlands. The
community felt that they were not going to have
enough access to the lake, and that became a big
issue. So we adjusted our plans to get more points
of access to the lake. Again, a feeling of this is
our community, and we want to be part of it. We don't
want to. And, you know, some of this is good. Last
year, or earlier this year, just outside of the
developed areas, some of the people who owned the
mineral rights kind of drilled a gas well. We try to
buy up all the mineral rights, mainly to prevent
wells from being driven nearby or even in
developed areas. Had we controlled all the
mineral rights, that well never would have been
built. But we didn't, so under state law you have to
allow them. To drill it, we put in conditions in the
contract. Thus, we controlled
enough of the mineral rights and the surface
rights to use quiet generators and things like
that. But the community was just upset that there
would be an oil well or a gas well, as it turned out,
being drilled within eye contact of existing
homes. And it had gotten noisy at times. Yeah,
we caught the flak very directly. But that's
something that we could not stop, although we
tried to dissuade people from doing it. So it tends
to be single-issue, single-issue oriented, and
those issues come and go, and we almost always...
and Women's Community Association takes over,
will that sort of diminish some of your problems,
maybe, or create new ones? Do you see any different
direction that that group may pursue in terms of
what their goals are? Well, I see a board
that will have, when it starts out, ten elected and
one appointed person. We still have one residual
person on the board. Because it's predominantly
elected and controlled by those people becoming
very political, I think it will become political
internal to the board, but I think it will also
become much more political within the community
and vis-a-vis the developing corporation. I see
seats being heavily contested. I see a lot of
what's going on. in public politics now happening
on the board. And I think that board will make the
United Times become militant vis-a-vis the
Development Corporation. So you see that as a
divisive, or potentially divisive? Could be,
yeah. Now, we have tried to be responsive. We sit
down with whatever community group has a problem.
I can't tell you the hours we put into that. Not only
myself, that's my job, but all the executives in
this company. If there's somebody in the
community that wants an audience, give them the
audience. I just think that because the WCA board
will have people actively vying for those seats,
and some of them will be running negative
campaigns, They'll have campaign pledges that
they'll have to keep. And from time to time, we've
had some very negative people on the board, and it
was hard dealing with them. People will use the WCA
as a springboard to other political offices. We
had one fellow who wanted to run for Congress. He
wasn't known in the community, so he ran for the WCA
board. He found Rob Lapp had done something wrong
in carrying out the elections and ran against Rob
Lapp, saying he's trying to prevent fair
elections. This guy got the largest number of
votes that were ever cast in a WCA election before
or since. He won hands down. And then Rob left
shortly thereafter. I was the one who had to work
with him. And he said to me, he said, I'm using the
WCA as my stepping stone to run for Congress. I'll
get name recognition. And he said, I'm going to do
some things you're not going to like. But he said, I
got to do them. And sure enough, within a couple of
years he was on the board, he kept us off balance all
the time. issue after issue. He was in the
newspapers all the time. And, you know, we'd have
lunch, and he'd say, you know, I hate to do this to
you because I like you. I said, I'm running for
Congress. So that's not going to end. No, that's
going to increase. I think it's going to increase.
I think we're going to see that kind of dynamic
happening. So you've got a job there. What about,
speaking of tensions, I don't know if this is a good
time. Do you want to take a break or something?
That's fine. Please do. What about the tensions,
say, with the county? I know you said the
Montgomery County problems and High Road
problems and this kind of thing. Can you comment on
that? Yeah. And maybe even use the broader
context. Well, no. Let me go at a national level.
All right. As a student of Newtown's. When you
build a new town, with the exception of Roosevelt
Island, which is probably the only one built
inside the city, in order to amass the land, you've
got to go far out where land is plentiful and cheap.
And so what you're doing is you're introducing an
urban population into a rural area. That's point
number
one. There are lifestyle differences that the
rural people don't really appreciate. Number
two, you're introducing a large population
into a county that generally has a relatively
small population.
That does several things. It places demands on
services and county government and the school and
hospital district or whatever other public
entities there are, notwithstanding the fact
that you're bringing in a concomitant tax base,
particularly if it's a mixed-use development.
The woman's more than pays its way in taxes and
generates. But you're taking institutions that
haven't had to gear up very much, and putting
pressures on them. You're also, by introducing a
large population into an area, threatening the
political structure. And you're bringing voters
in, voters who have no past allegiance to anybody
who's held office. We have, for example, a county
clerk who's held office for 26 years. who's now
having to campaign. He's never had to campaign
before. Okay, so there is a perceived threat to the
established political order. And, in fact,
there's a real threat because these people are,
you know, they have achieved their positions.
They have become known. And if you take the kind of
growth that the women's represents, you know,
30,000 people in 16 years, which is equal to, you
know, Conroe 16 years ago had 7,500 people.
The new people aren't going to vote without any
real knowledge of who's who and what their records
have been, what their achievements have been,
good, bad, or otherwise. So it's a real threat.
Every new town that I'm aware of has met with
hostility in the county and the nearest town that
is approximate to the new town. It's a phenomenon.
I mean, to this day, you can go to Columbia,
Maryland, and pick up the newspaper, and you have
the Columbians and the Howard County people still
battling heads-on in the newspapers.
Politically, taking over the county,
all of the elected offices, the majority of them
are held by political people from Columbia. That
dynamic happened here. And there are resentments
between Conroe and the Woodlands, the rest of the
county and the Woodlands. And no matter what we do,
we can't overcome it. And frankly, given the
history of the other new towns, I'm not sure that we
ever will. Until Conroe urbanizes enough itself
with new people that they don't carry the old
biases. But that's, at best, a long time in time.
We've worked closely with them. We've worked
professionally with them. And the senior manager
of this company volunteers a lot of time on the
boards charities up there. I can't tell you how
many boards of directors I serve on them. I can't
tell you because I'm not sure I know. I think it's
six or eight. And I spend hours. And on a
one-on-one, one-to-one, it's great. Joel and Joe
get along great. But institutionally, there's
always a distance. What about the relationship
with Houston and the city itself? Does the
Woodlands even fit into the purview of Houston?
Well, we are by choice, by our own initiative, in
the extraterritorial jurisdiction of the city of
Houston. And that is because it is Mr. Mitchell's
objective that at some point in time, Houston will
annex the Woodlands. that we will not be a
freestanding, incorporated community. Now
that's one of the tensions. That's an issue that
pops up about every three or four years. People
look at it. They don't do anything about it. But I
think as Houston starts to annex Northwood,
that's going to become perhaps the major issue in
the history of the Woodlands. I think we're just
buying time right now. You know, the reason for
wanting to be part of Houston has to do with what
you're seeing as the older cities getting
financially choked by the surrounding suburban
cities. And he feels as from an urban uh growth
standpoint but cities have to expand their their
tax base that's in effect what we did with the wca
good we've given the wca claims to some of the
revenue streams on the new associations and
frankly as a guy who has studied
this a lot in school and since somehow I think if
there's a reconciliation that will take place
between the suburban areas not wanting to be
incorporated, I'm sorry, not wanting to be
annexed by Houston, but Houston having a need to
expand its economic base, it would be to find, work
out some economic relationship, sharing of the
tax base that's represented in suburbia with the
central city, but yet letting suburbia have
political autonomy. Has that happened here? Oh
yeah, all over the country. It's called
metropolitan government. I can't name them all,
but the ones I'm familiar with are Miami-Dade
County, That issue's going on with Webster,
Clinton, and all the weird stuff. Sure it is.
Minneapolis, St. Paul is one of the Metropolitan
Government. Phoenix has Metropolitan
Government. And these take various forms.
Some of them are strictly economic. In some cases,
Metropolitan Government actually elects a
council and carries out certain things. But from
my standpoint, if you look at transportation, If
you look at subsidence, if you look at sewage
treatment, if you look at water, those are foreign
examples. Those can all be and probably should be
administered at a metropolitan
scope. through not individual cities or
individual communities. What about other
services like police, fire? Police and fire in
schools are held very close to the hearts of local
communities and ought to be administered
locally. The characteristics of the different
communities probably can even justify different
approaches to those things. Those are the three
things that I would say, above all, ought to be
retained at the local level. And those are things
that require a lot of interaction between the
community and whoever's delivering those
services. And those services, those delivery
agents, have to be responsive to the local
communities. I think those ought to be local
derivatives. But frankly, I don't care who treats
the waste that leaves my house, be it through the
sewer system or garbage collection. And that's a
very simplistic way of looking at it. But if it's a
metropolitan organization or a local one,
doesn't matter to me as a resident. I just want the
stuff taken care of.
But I do care an awful lot about the education my
kids get, and I want to have direct input into that.
And I'm saying me, but I'm also reflecting what I
think because we've talked a lot about this among
the leadership of the community, I think it
reflects the general populace. There are certain
things they could care less about who runs them,
and there's some things they care a lot about. So if
we were to have, and what I'm saying is heresy
because it's company policy to have Houston annex
the Woodlands, and I think certainly from
an economic viewpoint, that is needed.
But if, what I'm saying is, if there becomes a
standoff, if the suburban areas
prevent that from happening, then I think that
we're in compromised positions where both can
benefit. And it doesn't need to be all or nothing.
And it would perhaps behoove some people to even
begin thinking about that long range. I assume
that people have done surveys, studies, what have
you, to identify stuff like that. Or are you just
talking off of your own experience? I'm talking
off my own experience. Again, this is such a
sensitive issue on both sides that I'm not sure
that anybody would be willing to venture to do the
study because it would raise the issue. Well, I'm
not sure
there's an issue. I'm not aware of any issue. Well,
the MUDs are created initially by the developer.
Any developer can create a mud in Texas to provide
water, sewage, drainage. It's what we did here in
the Woodlands with them. And the mud has the
authority to issue bonds to pay for that once
you've built up enough of a population, enough of a
tax base to pay the debt service on that. So the
developer front ends the financing. takes a note
back, in effect, from the developer, builds the
facilities, the sewage lines, water lines,
sewage
treatment plants, and so forth. And the board of
the MoD agrees to pay that back according to a
state-allowed formula.
And they work very well. The next district, the
Independent Taxing Institute, they would have
nothing to do technically with the community
association. That's correct. That's correct.
Those are special. Along with the county. That's
correct. That's correct. The plans have to be
approved by the city of Houston, because that's
where we're in. It's ETJ. I believe they're
approved by Montgomery County, but I'm not.
Certain types of districts are, and certain
aren't. I shouldn't say that. I know certain types
of districts are. I'm not sure of all of them are. I
think all the meds have to be approved by the county
and the Texas Water Commission. But there are
special purpose units of government that are
allowed under state law. And they're a convenient
and effective way of getting those services into a
development and used throughout suburbia. So
will the mud presently serviced in the woodlands
here be extended into the new development areas or
whatever? We create muds as we go along, and I think
we have eight muds today. Oh, do you really? Each
time we go into a major new area, we create a mud. And
we also, and the muds in turn, have a contract with
the San Jacinto River Authority, which is
responsible for the water plants and sewage
treatment plants, and the major distribution
lines. So because of the scope, we needed an
umbrella agency. And in fact, what gave me the
notion for the multiple associations with for the
community associations and the services corps.
Really, it's the way the MUDs are working. They're
doing that now, and it's working just fine. Oh, is
that right? Sure. That's right. We've got eight
MUDs. We've got San Jacinto River, and they all
come together in what's called the Joint Powers
Agency, which is a management services
corporation which manages the affairs of all the
MUDs. And we just borrowed that. We said it would
work there with the associations. And also, I
mean, I'm aware from my work with the Community
Associations Institute, that wherever you have
multiple associations, there's generally some
sort of common organization to help them manage
their affairs, even if they're not created at the
outset. They become created because there's
a manifest need to do that. And I think we've got off
to months. pretty straightforward.
You mentioned the
political issues with Houston, obviously the
further
community development and
management. Are there other issues that you
perceive in the future that are going to cause you
more late-night meetings that you haven't
mentioned? Not that they're bad, necessarily,
but I mean, you know, are there issues out there
that we haven't talked about that you perceive? I
don't see any extraordinary issues coming up. I'm
sure we'll have issues from time to time,
but I really don't see it. Despite the tensions
we've talked about, within the realm of my
exposure, the Woodlands Corporation and the
Woodlands community enjoy probably the best
relationship among a developer and a community
that I'm aware of. No, that's obvious. And my
general manager of the WCA, Scott Cummings,
recently attended a workshop among his
counterparts managers of community
associations and large-scale developments. And
he said he wouldn't believe the horror
stories that he hears. And we're talking about
mature communities, large-scale, like Irvine,
California. The developer and the communities
are loggerheads all the time. And I think But
that's because the developer doesn't respect the
community, doesn't recognize that working with
the community is part of the development process.
Too many developers are in the bricks and mortar
business. Even if they get themselves good
planners and architects, they don't want to deal
with the residents. And if you're in a project over
an extended period of time, Brother, you better
deal with it. If for no other reason, then they can
make or break a project.
On the average, over the years, 50% of the home
sales in the Woodlands have come from referrals
from Woodlands
residents. It tends to range from 40% to 60%,
depending on... year-to-year market conditions
and whatever. But if keeping our residents happy
is good business, folks, we're going to keep them
happy. And if not entertaining them all the time,
at least keeping them content. And this is another
thing I try to hit home when I'm lecturing to
developers. It's good business. Now, some
developers are in and out of a project in two or
three years, and it doesn't matter. But when
you're dealing with large-scale developments
that are being developed from seven to ten years or
longer, you want to make sure that your residents
are happy. So you anticipate the relationship
between the Woodlands Corporation and the
Woodlands R.A. relationship continuing for the
next, what, two decades? Longer than that, as long
as we're developing. As long as we're in here
developing, I think our residential development
will probably wind down in about 25 years or so. And
then it'll be less critical. At that point, we will
have turned the other associations, at least the
residential ones, over to the community. And our
commercial development will probably continue
on beyond that. We have a lot of commercial land.
But as long as we're out there developing, we're
going to hopefully, you know—and I've got to say
that we have enlightened management. As the
management turns, it's inevitably going to turn
over two or three decades. It's probably a good
time. Give us some sort of an overview, both from a
personal and professional perspective, of how
the witness is involved. Has it met your
expectations?